What does he want?
Is it my body?
If he only wants that,
then after he gets it,
will he let me go?
Forget it,
this man is so fickle,
I can't possibly guess
his intentions.
Huo Jiuling,
can I talk to you
about something else?
What do you want? Tell me.
I want to see Wu Tai.
Ji Linning,
you're still thinking of
Wu Tai, aren't you?
No,
I'm just a little worried,
wanting to check on him.
Didn't I tell you
he won't die?
Remember your current
position.  From now on,
don't let me hear that
name again.
I have something to do,
I need to go out.  You were up all
night,
go rest.  Don't even think about escaping.
Don't even think about escaping.
Is he dead?
Sir, he's not dead yet,
but his arm is seriously injured,
requiring amputation to save his life.
Amputate it,
but don't let him die.
But during the amputation,
don't give him any anesthetic.
Yes, sir.
Miss Ji, where are you going?
I'm full,
I want to walk around the manor,
to get familiar with it,
and find a way to escape.
The manor is large,
you'll get lost alone,
let me take you for a walk.
Okay.